# Changelog 0.1 4-2-2020

## Added
### AI Improvements
- Improves performance of the default mob pathfinding algorithm
### AppleSkin
- Overhauls the hunger UI, adds the saturation mask, etc.
### Applied Energistics 2
- Adds storage and automation devices
### AttributeFix 
- Helps prevent minecraft from running into errors with the attribute system
### AutoRegLib 
- Required by Quark
### Bad With No Cookie - Reloaded 
- Makes ender dragon, wither, and lightning sounds local
### Baubles 
- Inventory API. Adds the ring and amulet etc slots.
### BetterFPS 
- Tries to improve your FPS, mostly by using taylor series to calculate sin and cosine.
### Chunk Animator 
- Makes chunks fly in instead of just suddenly appearing.
### Clumps 
- Makes XP a single orb so that it causes less lag.
### CodeChicken Lib 
- Core mod
### CoFH Core 
- Required by thermal suite, and the RF API, and the night vision fix. Also adds some helpful configuration options.
### CoFH World 
- Makes ore generation configurable, which let's us remove duplicate ores from generation.
### ConnectedTexturesMod 
- Optimizations for minecrafts texture system, and a soft dependency of many mods.
### Controlling 
- Look up keybinds.
### Cosmetic Armor Reworked 
- Hide/disguise armor.
### Craft Tweaker / Mod Tweaker
- Use zenscript to alter any crafting recipe, including ones from machines and mods.
### Diet Hoppers 
- Fixes hopper hitbox
### Enchantment Descriptions 
- Adds a description for enchantments.
### Fast Leaf Decay 
- Makes tree leafs decay as soon as the tree is felled
### Fast Furnace 
- Uses branch prediction to optimize the furnace, increases TPS
### FastWorkbench 
- Uses branch prediction to optimize the crafting table. No more slight pause when crafting stacks of items.
### FoamFix 
- General optimization mod. Makes minecraft faster.
### FTB Backups/FTB Library/FTB Quests/FTB Utilities
- General UI utilities. Good for servers.
### FTB Money
- Adds a money system, as well as trading and a shop.
### Hwyla / Waila Harvestability / Wawla
- Shows what your looking at on top of the screen
### Inventory Tweaks / Mouse Tweaks
- UI tweaks that should've been in the base game.
### Item Filters
- Required by FTB Utilities
### JEI/JEI Integration/JER
- Look up recipes and items
### KleeSlabs
- Can break individual slabs now.
### Mercurius
- Helps troubleshoot any crashes/lag/etc
### MixinBootstrap
- Required by Phosphor
### Mod Name Tooltip
- Mod name tooltips
### MTLib
- Required by something.
### Morpheus
- Voting for sleeping.
### Neat
- Health bars and stuff.
### No Night Vision Flashing
- No night vision flashing
### Ore Excavation
- Basically vein miner
### Phosphor
- Overhauls the lighting engine to be not as slow
### Placebo
- Required by something
### PlusTIC
- Adds mod integration for tinker's construct (I.E. enderium for tool parts)
### Quark
- Vanilla++
### ReAuth
- Re login when disconnected without restarting
### RedstoneFlux
- API for energy.
### NoMoreRecipeConflict
- c'mon just read the name guys.
### Thermal Dynamics/Expansion/Foundation/Innovation
- You already know what this does.
### Tinker's Construct
- This as well
### Tinkers' Tool Leveling
- Lets us add modifiers as we level up our tool.
### Tomb Many Graves 2
- Gravestones and stuff
### UniDict
- Makes sure that every output ingot is from the same mod.
### VanillaFix
- FoamFix on steroids. Makes the game faster. Might also break things.
### World Stripper
- Debug thing. Will be removed in final version.
### Xaero's Minimap / Xaero's World Map
- Minimap and World map respectively.
